https://onerecord.iata.org/CO2CalcMethod type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/DgProductRadioactive type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Sensor type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Geolocation type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/DgDeclaration type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/DgRadioactiveIsotope type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Routing type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Value type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Characteristics type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Shipment type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Event type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/RegulatedEntity type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/ULD type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Insurance type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/ProductDg type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Waybill type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Person type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Price type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Branch type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/EventUld type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Address type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Booking type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/ContactOther type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Ratings type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/ServiceRequest type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/CarrierProduct type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/SecurityDeclaration type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Company type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/TransportSegment type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/VolumetricWeight type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/PieceDg type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Dimensions type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Product type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Piece type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/SpecialHandling type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/PackagingType type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Item type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/OtherParty type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/OtherIdentifier type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/CustomsInfo type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Contact type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Ranges type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/ExternalReference type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Country type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Request type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/TransportMeans type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/ItemDg type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/LogisticsObject type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/ConnectedDevice type Class
https://onerecord.iata.org/Location type Class
